Extend room admin api with additional attributes (#7225)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/rooms.md

* `from` - Offset in the returned list. Defaults to `0`.
* `limit` - Maximum amount of rooms to return. Defaults to `100`.
* `order_by` - The method in which to sort the returned list of rooms. Valid values are:

>   - `alphabetical` - Same like `name`. This is deprecated.
>   - `size` - Same like `joined_members`. This is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `alphabetical` - Same as `name`. This is deprecated.
  - `size` - Same as `joined_members`. This is deprecated.
```

  - `name` - Rooms are ordered alphabetically by room name. This is the default.
  - `canonical_alias` - Rooms are ordered alphabetically by main alias address of the room.
  - `joined_members` - Rooms are ordered by the number of members. Largest to smallest.
  - `joined_local_members` - Rooms are ordered by the number of local members. Largest to smallest.
  - `version` - Rooms are ordered by room version. Largest to smallest.
  - `creator` - Rooms are ordered alphabetically by creator of the room.

>   - `encryption` - Rooms are ordered by encryption of the room.

Reviewer: This is the encryption algorithm, I think? Is it done alphabetically?

Author: Values like `m.megolm.v1.aes-sha2` or `NULL`. Yes, it done alphabetically.

Reviewer: Please update this comment with that information, e.g.:

> Rooms are ordered alphabetically by the end-to-end encryption algorithm.

>   - `federatable` - Rooms are ordered by federatable option of the room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `federatable` - Rooms are ordered by whether the room is federatable.
```

  - `public` - Rooms are ordered by visibility in room list.
  - `join_rules` - Rooms are ordered alphabetically by join rules of the room.

>   - `guest_access` - Rooms are ordered by guest access option  of the room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `guest_access` - Rooms are ordered alphabetically by guest access option of the room.
```

* `order_by` - The method in which to sort the returned list of rooms. Valid values are:
  - `alphabetical` - Rooms are ordered alphabetically by room name. This is the default.
  - `size` - Rooms are ordered by the number of members. Largest to smallest.
  - `name`, `canonical_alias`, `joined_members`, `joined_local_members`, `version`, `creator`,
    `encryption`, `federatable`, `public`, `join_rules`, `guest_access`, `history_visibility`,

>     `state_events` - ordered by this column

Reviewer: These should be a bit more detailed, in particular it seems that some of them sort largest first, some alphabetically, etc.

    - `name` - The name of the room.
    - `canonical_alias` - The canonical (main) alias address of the room.
    - `joined_members` - How many users are currently in the room.
    - `joined_local_members` - How many local users are currently in the room.
    - `version` - Version of the room.
    - `creator` - The `user_id` of the room creator..

>     - `encryption` - Algorithm of end-to-end encryption of messages.

Reviewer: This should mention that `null` is returned if encryption is not enabled.

>     - `federatable` -Whether users on other servers can join this room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `federatable` - Whether users on other servers can join this room.
```

    - `name` - The name of the room.
    - `canonical_alias` - The canonical (main) alias address of the room.
    - `joined_members` - How many users are currently in the room.
    - `joined_local_members` - How many local users are currently in the room.

>     - `version` - Version of the room.

Reviewer: I think it is worth mentioning that this is a string, maybe:

```suggestion
    - `version` - The version of the room as a string.
```

>     - `creator` - The `user_id` of the room creator..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `creator` - The `user_id` of the room creator.
```

    - `encryption` - Algorithm of end-to-end encryption of messages. Is `null` if encryption is not active.
    - `federatable` - Whether users on other servers can join this room.

>     - `public` - If rooms is public or not on the server. Visibility in room directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `public` - Whether the room is visible in room directory.
```

>     - `join_rules` - The type of rules used for users wishing to join this room. One of: ["public", "knock", "invite", "private"]
>     - `guest_access` - Whether guests can join the room. One of: ["can_join", "forbidden"]
>     - `history_visibility` - Who can see the room history. One of: ["invited", "joined", "shared", "world_readable"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `join_rules` - The type of rules used for users wishing to join this room. One of: ["public", "knock", "invite", "private"].
    - `guest_access` - Whether guests can join the room. One of: ["can_join", "forbidden"].
    - `history_visibility` - Who can see the room history. One of: ["invited", "joined", "shared", "world_readable"].
```
